We have that.
Will you tell us.
Well, the human, the Adam discussed whether or not.
Such tragedies should be made public.
I don't recall having discussed that.
Did Mr. Adams ever discuss with you the question of other not making public these charges might hold up the investigation of the committee?
No, sir.
Did you ever personally go to the office of any of the senators on this committee?
At the time, we were asking for the production of certain people in the Wyoming board and discussed the charges against Mr. Cohn.
I called on five individual members of this committee of the time that General Wicker had been abused.
On the 19th day of February, I called on five members of this committee.
Would you read the question to the Secretary last, without having read it, Mr. Secretary?
I again, growing your attention to the fact that you have not answered the question.
Well, that's the only time I recall having gone up and talked to members of this committee.
The question was whether or not you ever called on any members of this committee with respect to the charges you've made against Mr. Cohn?
Is that correct, Senator? Is that what you have, Mr. Cohn?
No.
I wonder, answer was not the sponsor of the Payton with Mr. Cohn.
Okay, I get simple. Did you call on any of the members of this committee with respect to your charges against Mr. Cohn?
Would you have been back all the other members of this committee with respect to General Wicker?
Well, all right, then. And again, that isn't the night.
You can call on them with respect to the alleged abuse of General Wicker.
Well, that can be true. And still, you could have called on the members of this committee with respect to the charges against Mr. Cohn.
Now, you know that I did not call on the members of this committee and we've asked the charges against Mr. Cohn.
Now, we have a direct answer, Senator. You could be placed something else.
You know, if you didn't call on, did you ever discuss with any members of this committee the charges against Mr. Cohn?
It seems to me that there may be one or two cases.
The question might have come up about Oh, Shine and Thorn and Soap.
But I had no papers in connection with it. I didn't know there for the purpose of discussing that.
And if it came up, it was a purely incidental or a parallel discussion.
I didn't go there for that purpose. Mr. Secretary, the secretary of the committee has not quite inspired the discussion environment
is calling for all members of the Senate. And it's almost me, that's perhaps the release of it until 2.30pm.